## Date - 01/05/2024

### Present: 
- Luca
- Ben
- Seb
- Will

### Meeting Purpose
- Continue to work on project modules

### Previous Actions 
- Discuss the separate modules and functionality

### Current Items
- Work on maze design
- Work on maze frame
- Work on LDR detection and communication with micro-controller

### New Items
Luca: Work on LDR reading module 
Seb: work on Serial -> Python GUI  
Ben: work on designing the gimbaling system 
Will: work on joystick/ control system  

### Next Meeting Date 
Wednesday, 8th of May
